Today I want to use for a pedicure
tropical flowers and I will understand
a small five-day vacation would be desirable
so that the pedicure somehow matched this
the flower is pretty big for mine
narrow nails he is absolutely not
fits just like palm trees but for
big toes it seems to me the size
perfect to put paint on drawing
remove all the excess raise picture
stamped
I 'll fix the palm top so as not to
smear drawing
put a one-touch top is not necessary
carry brushes 20 times one and the same
same place for gradient
we apply varnishes on sponge and and gradient i
I will do directly on the stamp
just because I can't stand in
that will be what i usually do
lice culture there minutes and
neatly do hail them on the stamp
with this option it is necessary to give
dry up each layer so as not to tear off
drawing a little bit literally waiting for yes
let it dry and make the next one put
next layer
i use lilac blue and green
el corazon
from the new collection cream repeat
give and passivity counter
and now we give good patsyuk varnish
a little dried up and put a white background
and give billets finally dried up
transmission neatly separated
images like stamp
kupchikhin review hey just need a bunch
I cut the sticker a little and now
we glue at the bush and wash the rest
donut
I will have a flower on my second leg
in the same way we make a gradient and on
second stamp
fix the design top and pedicure ready
How do you like this option to create a gradient
comment put huskies
subscribe
all the best
raise the image with a stamp
what is raised